# React Learning Path 2024 (spanish version)

This smol projects shows a minimun glimpse of how some basic and advance features works in React. In order to really learn and understand something we should code, test, fail, and repeat.

_Be cause I had some struggle finding info and clear explanations about all of this I decided to write in spanish and share with ppl and friends from here who is trying to learn React too._

### What would I showcase here?:

- State control (useState, context, reducers, refs).
- Hooks (basic and advance).
- Render Lists, keys, conditions.
- Optimization with memo, useCallbacks, lazy ,etc.
- Error boundaries.
- Data Fetching.

### Some tools that I may try:

- React Query
- Tailwind CSS
- Redux
- GraphQL
- React Router
- React Forms
- Vitest | Playwright

## Now autogenerated readme.md from vite: (I dont want to delete it just for any case)

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: "latest",
    sourceType: "module",
    project: ["./tsconfig.json", "./tsconfig.node.json"],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
};
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list
